MFLT-7553 Document custom data recordings feature (#331)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/rate-limiting.mdx

        (MCU).
      </td>
    </tr>{" "}

>     <tr id="custom-data-recordings-reasons">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <tr id="custom-data-recordings">
```

      <td>Ingestion of Custom Data Recordings</td>
      <td>Device</td>
      <td>All</td>
      <td>

>         <Link to="https://docs.memfault.com/docs/platform/inspecting-a-device/##custom-data-recordings">

Reviewer 2: Need to use site-relative links (see examples of `<Link to="..." />` elsewhere).

Why the double `##`? Typo?

```suggestion
        <Link to="/docs/platform/inspecting-a-device/#custom-data-recordings">
```

>           Custom Data Recordings{" "}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Custom Data Recordings (CDR){" "}
```

        </Link>

>         are sets of user defined data files of a specific type that are sent from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        are sets of user defined data of any custom format that are sent from
```
Let's not use the term "file" in the context of CDR

        a device. The data is parsed, visualized, and downloadable in the

>         <Link to="https://docs.memfault.com/docs/platform/introduction/#device-metrics">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <Link to="/docs/platform/introduction/#device-metrics">
```

          {" "}
          Device Timeline

>         </Link>

Reviewer: Does that link make sense here? Since you already linked to the CDR section of the docs before, should we just remove that entire sentence?
